Add document for how to export annotations from webknossos (#28)
lincbrain/linc-docs: docs/webknossos-export-annotation.md

Reviewer: Please update the [navigation](https://github.com/lincbrain/linc-docs/blob/d6e82b4293ce9472f85d673727911e7d25ead260/mkdocs.yml#L21-L32) with a link to this file.

Author: Will do, Thanks!

# Export Annotations from Webknossos

The following steps provide instructions for downloading annotations from webknossos. 

> 1. Go to Annotations tab and click open on target annotation
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the `Annotations` tab and click `Open` for a desired annotation.
```

    ![](img/webknossos_annotation.png)

> 2. Click on Download on dropdown menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click `Download` in the dropdown `Menu`.
```

>     ![](img/download.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![](img/webknossos_download.png)
```

> 3. Select "Include volume annotations as WKW" on pop out box and click on Download

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select "Include volume annotations as WKW" and click on `Download`.
```

> 	![](img/download2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![](img/download2.png)
```

>     ![](img/download2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![](img/webknossos_download_options.png)
```

> 4. Unzip downloaded annotation file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Unzip the downloaded annotation file.
```

> 5. Unzip data_Volume.zip under annotation folder 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Unzip the `data_Volume.zip` file which is located in the annotation folder. 
```

>     ![](img/data_volume.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![](img/webknossos_data_volume.png)
```

> 6. Run Script webknossos_annotation.py to save into ome.zarr format following czyx direction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Run the [webknossos_annotation.py](https://github.com/lincbrain/linc-convert/blob/main/linc_convert/modalities/wk/webknossos_annotation.py) script to save into the OME-Zarr format following the `czyx` direction. 
```
